what's up everybody sofyan here this is
the semi-finals of the kick TV
tournament and I'm playing Rossi HD the
FIFA 14 champion on kick TV here I'm
gonna be using Portugal he's going to
use I guess Spain
I know Russia from quite a long time
actually we're we're good mates but
we've never played FIFA or never played
each other FIFA before so it's the first
time we'll play and today I have no idea
what's coming at me so him being the the
kick TV champion I guess that's enough
said
semi finals vs. Afghan this is gonna be
pretty pretty intense game semi finals
always pretty tense gonna see how it
goes I'm going to be Spain against his
Portugal so that's gonna be very very
tough but come on we can do this
they're saying now we're on the wing
interested
last request some prey
get that away
come on go without the way this is yours
come on the country than one album
Bernardo Ronaldo Ronaldo cross today and
all this nobody
I see it I see the past Oh safety but I
couldn't get it up thank God the keeper
was ready
Oh David Foster come on how would you go
cost us cool down yes go on of us
oh just good enough for myself like
come on go or neither go on go on to
take the shot
come on get in it's equalizer and the
30th minute ADA ADA is the man passed
even come on Castillo Savannah that's
really bad keeping
well I would say for the middle go oh no
no no no no no no no no what
what about Paul's defend the condo I
mean it's ridiculous
oh my god I mean don't you the French I
can kick off this guy what a bad pause
that was Scott what on this which kno
know you're impossible you ain't
possible
oh whoa what's that yes come on oh my
god this is half-time he's really good
man
like he's really really good never
thought he'd be this good
that's nonny nonny you're quick come on
nany nany nany keep the ball come on
Ronaldo Ronaldo Ronaldo come on
Cristiano Ronaldo what an unbelievable
gold that was I still dish out of him no
only one defender come on heydo he's not
pushing down oh oh we actually won't he
actually wore my lucky nervous thank God
it was a bad shot
Oh what's a good safe it's a corner come
on I hate corners
I hate corners I hate corners oh are you
the first time face I should have done a
fake shot right there come on no
crossing not crossing he crossed that
yes freaking out oh it's about what
about place you can see the free-kick a
little bit oh no no no no we're now
though we're now they'll get that away
forget away how is that a penalty how
the heck is that a penalty oh my god
come on keep up I saved him I saved it
come on
I knew who was going down the middle car
no he's alone oh thank god it was a
cross oh come on what's that defenders a
minute come on what the heck was done
no come on come on
if you scored that you the hero if you
scored I just give me a quarter Pete oh
I thought he would screw it oh my god
maybe watch the replay oh my god he was
101 what what the hell what the hell how
do you play the ball like that Oh
oh yes refer to the final we are through
to the final kick TV World Cup ah let's
do this
we've actually lost I cannot believe how
that I can see the field goal or even
the first goal
Portugal's defending was like bad like
really really bad I did score two
beautiful goals but that that's not
going to give me the winner actually his
he's a very good player he did deserve
the win
so the GG will say congratulations on
the win and yeah thanks for kick for
having me I will see you guys soon
[Music]